Update to QVW documentation for setup & timeseries background (#15906)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/query_value.md

  text: "Building Dashboards using JSON"
---

> Query values display the current value of a given metric, APM, or log query. They come with conditional formatting (such as a green/yellow/red background) to convey whether the value is in the expected range. This can be supplemented with optional backgrounds of timeseries data. The values displayed by a query value does not require a instantaneous measurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query values display the current value of a given metric, APM, or log query. They come with conditional formatting (such as a green/yellow/red background) to convey whether the value is in the expected range. This can be supplemented with optional backgrounds of timeseries data. The values displayed by a query value do not require an instantaneous measurement.
```
